README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
In short, this is my profile whereby I like to create and maintain small, and potentially larger projects that I've worked on, and to enhance my knowledge of programming. 
TBA

[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=uncharteredworld&hide_border=true&&count_private=true&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=synthwave)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=uncharteredworld)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)


<!--
**UncharteredWorld/UncharteredWorld** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated description, added pronouns and adjusted formatting

README.md, after:

# <p style="text-align: center;">Who Am I? 🤔 </p>

![](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=uncharteredworld.uncharteredworld)  [![Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/UncharteredWorld?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/UncharetedWorld)

<p>A current undergraduate aspiring to become a full-stack web developer, to work with colleagues and create interesting and concise solutions to problems. Challenges are there to be broken, and much like a video game, beating those challenges is always rewarding.

I also like trying other forms of programming, so don't be surprised if you see stuff unrelated to web apps.
 </p>


😄 **Pronouns**: He/Him


*To be updated*
# 👾 Some simple GitHub Stats:
[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=uncharteredworld&hide_border=true&&count_private=true&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=synthwave)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=uncharteredworld)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)


<!--
**UncharteredWorld/UncharteredWorld** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
